Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Bean!
Where are you?
You have to see this!
I'm in the tree house. Ivy!
Ghosts and swords. Bean!
And an evil duke!
Hmm?
Giselle falls in love with a duke.
who likes her. but really.
he's gonna marry a princess.
So Giselle dies of a broken heart.
Ow. my heart. I'm dead now.
Her ghost goes into the forest
and meets these other ghosts
with broken hearts called the Wilis.
You're mean. evil duke.
And they all surround the duke
and dance him… to death.
-Taste my arabesque!
I wanna be Giselle!
Oh. Okay. You be Giselle first.
Uh… You can be one of the Wilis.
With extremely long fingernails.
No. we need an evil duke.
so you can kick his head off.
But watch out. I…
…have a sword.
Get away from me. Giselle ghost!
What that girl comes up with.
Typical Saturday Bean.
What is she supposed to be?
-A superhero or something?
-I…
-A-ha. evil duke!
My Wilis will get you!
More like a super-zero.
Your dancing is too strong for me.
Nancy…
Get him. Wilis.
Dance him to death.
Keep back. or I'll sword you.
I'll chop off your spinning little legs!
Dance you to death!
Dance you to death! Dance you to death!
-Dance you to death! Dance you to death!
Now comes the part
where I kick off your head!
Hey. Are you guys playing Wiffle ball?
Can I be pitcher?
Leo! Great.
You can be the duke.
and Ivy and I can both be Giselles.
Giselles? What's that?
It's a ballet.
Is there a uniform?
There are tights.
-See ya.
-Don't be silly. Leo.
It's jumping and kicking
as high as your head!
Poor Leo. He doesn't know that ballet
is about dancing your enemies to death.
-Yeah!
-Yah!
Bean. what if we learned
how to actually do ballet?
For real.
Grandma sent you this?
Aw. she was always trying
to get me to dance.
-You didn't want to?
-I have two left feet and zero rhythm.
But this is a great time for you
to explore things
that catch your interest.
so ballet lessons it is.
-Yes!
-That was so easy.
You just have to ask your mom.
And now that your mom has said yes.
my mom has to. too.
Absolutely not.
But ballet's my destiny.
Enough. Nancy. Pick up the bread. please.
Since when is ballet your destiny?
Since today.
The best part is kicking off heads.
Watch this.
-Whoa. whoa. whoa! Careful. twinkle toes.
-Ugh!
Bean. we're not spending money
on something you'll quit in two weeks.
But I have to take lessons. Mom.
This is a great time
to explore things that catch my interest.
Didn't you tell me
you had to take gymnastics?
And had to learn trumpet?
And had to play softball.
Catch it. Bean!
You quit them all.
I won't quit ballet.
I love ballet.
Of course. you'll quit.
I bet you $5 you'll quit.
Deal. Double deal.
Ten dollars. I won't quit. ever.
Yes. you will.
You won't even last
learning all five positions.
I barely did.
Hang on. You let Nancy take ballet.
That's not fair.
-That means you love her more than me.
-Yeah.
-Love has nothing to do with it.
-Please…
Let her do it.
I need the money.
-Okay. Bean. you can take ballet.
-Yay. yay. yay. yay. yay. yay!
-Wait!
On one condition.
Anything. You name it. Mom.
You may not quit.
You have to stick it out
for the full term.
All the lessons.
No quitting and no complaining.
I promise. Mom. on an oath of spit.
Your promise is good enough.
Go wash your hands.
-Uh… Twice.
Yes!
-Really?
Ballet? Well. it's better than tap.
Bonjour. bonjour. bonjour.
bonjour. bonjour! Bienvenue.
Welcome to The Joyful School of Ballet.
Seeing all your shining faces
makes me smile.
I am not only your instructor.
but I am also a fellow dancer myself.
And why. you might ask. do I dance?
-When I dance. my body and soul soars!
I am your teacher.
your maître de ballet. Mr. Joy.
But here. you will call me Monsieur Joie.
That is how my name
is pronounced in la belle française.
The birthplace of ballet.
So here. I am Monsieur Joie. c'est moi.
-Monsieur Ju-ah?
-Joy. Joy means "Joie."
-Joie?
-Joie. Just watch my mouth.
Ju-Ju-Ju-Joie.
-Joie.
-Ja?
-Joie!
-Like "wah-wah."
-Jo…
-Ju-wah?
Joie. Joie.
Just do your best.
Yes. Monsieur Joie!
Now. when I call your name.
please raise your hand.
Eric?
What?
Emma?
-Hmm.
-Mmm-hmm.
Zuzu?
Je m'appelle Zuzu. Monsieur Joie.
Je suis très impressed.
Bonne.
-Who are you?
-We're in your class. Ivy and Bean.
Wha-wha-wha-wha…
What are… What are you wearing?
It's an evil duke costume.
-For Giselle.
It hurts my eyeballs.
Uh. please change now. mademoiselles.
This is a ballet class. not a circus camp.
Maman. please.
-Melanie.
Excellent. Monsieur Eric.
You are almost like a young me. Hmm.
Almost.
How are you so good?
-You're so clumsy.
-I don't know.
-Grand battement. plié.
Good.
Beaucoup. beaucoup. beaucoup. Wonderful.
Monsieur Joie. can I ask you a question?
-Yes.
-When do we start kicking heads off?
When do we do the fun ballet?
What is the… "fun ballet"?
Like in Giselle. Sword fights.
broken-hearted killer ghosts.
Oh. that fun ballet.
Hmm. Peut-être after you learn the basics.
-I'd say four or five minute--
Years!
-Years?
All together now.
Tendu. grand battement.
grand battement. plié.
Again!
Tendu. grand battement.
grand battement. plié--
Ah! Ah! Oh. wow. What… What is this?
My mom says that I should dance
like no one's watching.
Yes. well. I can understand
why she'd tell you that.
On… the… beat. mademoiselle!
On the beat!
Here. I'll show her. Monsieur Joie.
Like this. Ivy.
No. No.
No. no. no. no. no. no. No!
-Without the music.
Okay. imagine… you are a gazelle.
Giselle? With the duke and ghostly Wilis?
No! No!
Gazelle. the animal.
Racing across the African plains.
gracefully extending your limbs.
-Whoa!
-Okay.
-Okay!
All right. all right! We're gonna forget
the gazelle. and we're going to march.
-March. Knees up and march.
Not you. You are ballet students.
Just Ivy's marching. and apparently Bean.
I was the worst.
Everyone laughed. I never want to go back.
Me neither.
Ballet is not our destiny. Ivy.
It is our despair.
Mom. 13 is so far away.
It's not that far away.
Nancy. could you
just slow down a little bit?
I'm in seventh grade.
Seventh. Mom.
We're converting fractions to decimals.
We're studying puberty.
Sixth graders aren't doing that.
Fourth graders aren't. but there
are plenty of them who have earrings.
Nancy. please.
Hi. girls. How was ballet?
You gonna quit?
It was great.
-Yes. so much fun.
-Hi. Charlotte!
-Impossible. No way. You hated it.
I bet Monsieur Joie ate you alive.
Nope. We loved it.
He loved us.
The word "gazelle" was used.
We are the stars of the class.
Let's change the bet.
Double or nothing.
Twenty dollars that says no way are you
two dorks ever gonna be the stars.
-Girls!
-Prepare to be totally broke.
Actually. I'm preparing to be rich.
Twenty dollars is mine.
-Nancy. please. This car is not a casino.
What are you boys up to?
We just ran a marathon.
Our third this year.
This is our only hope.
A spell won't help.
I had to promise I wouldn't quit.
Listen to this. Forgetfulness spell.
-Turn back time and erase the past.
If we do this right.
they won't even remember
we talked about ballet
or that they paid for it.
Bean. do you want
to take capoeira lessons?
It's been so long since you've taken
any kind of lessons. anywhere.
Perfect!
Mom will forget my promise.
and Nancy will forget the bet.
What do we need?
First up… ten dead flies.
Thank you so much.
My pleasure. My pleasure.
You know. I remember…
…raisins and sweet potato pie.
That's like a family tradition…
Ready?
Oh. no!
I'm like. "How you gonna make it fluffy?"
How is it even gonna be thick?
If you're gonna put almond--
Ow!
I think ballet broke my knee bone. Mom.
-Oh.
-It's all purple.
-Did you paint your knee?
-No.
Rose and nettle. flies and leaf.
erase the past. relieve our grief!
-Ooh!
Ivy!
Are you throwing flies at me?
Do you remember what day it is?
Yes. It is the day that you threw dead
insects and leaf bits into our dinner.
Can you tell me the name
of your favorite anthropologist?
of what we're gonna eat now?
-Um…
Do you remember a promise
I made a long time ago?
Last week?
When you agreed to stick with ballet?
Dang. Some spell.
Shh.
Did you put a spell on us?
Uh…
Why?
Hmm…
Because we want to quit ballet.
It was awful.
Mmm-hmm.
I was awful.
I thought it'd be fun.
but everyone laughed.
Honey.
You don't have to take ballet.
If it's not for you. just… just stop.
You're not mad?
No. of course not.
I want you to explore things.
so you can find out what you are
and aren't passionate about.
Hmm. You did discover something.
You discovered that ballet wasn't for you.
Come here.
Hmm?
Don't even think about it.
Mom. you're so unfair.
Ivy's mom let her quit.
Well. I'm not Ivy's mom.
Moms are different
just the way kids are different.
But I'm not different from Ivy.
I also discovered ballet isn't for me.
so how come I can't quit?
Aside from the fact
that you made a promise?
Because I want you to learn
how to stick with something. Bean.
Ballet is hard.
But if you work at it and persevere.
you might discover you're good at it.
Or die of boredom. It happens. you know.
Or learn to like it.
Either way. I think you'll survive.
-You may even thank me.
Come on. Now. go take a bath.
No. you made me take a bath yesterday.
Bean. straight to bed.
Lights out in ten minutes.
- Wanda Rich reporting for duty.
What's your 20. Grizzly Girl?
- Grizzly Girl? Are you there?
Bean!
-Bean?
-I'm here.
In a not good mood.
My life is ruined.
She really won't let you quit?
Nope. I even tried to cry.
She just told me to stop drooling.
This is bad.
If you have to do ballet.
I think I have to do it too.
No. you don't.
I was the one who got you into this.
It was all my idea.
Are you sure?
What if you fall. like. a hundred times?
I won't quit.
What if you twirl so much
your toes bleed in your ballet shoes
and get scabs that fall off
and bleed even more?
I still won't quit.
What if kids laugh at you?
I'll have to endure.
I guess we're doomed. Ivy.
You and me.
Doomed to dance.
Group un.
Very good.
Group deux.
Ah. bonne.
Group trois.
Group Ivy and Bean.
-Ah!
-Oh. no. No. no. no.
-Oh.
-Oh. mademoiselles.
Oh.
-Ah!
Lovely. Zuzu.
-Remember. we are what?
Gazelles!
-Yeah!
-Oh.
-Whoa!
All right. mes enfants.
Settle down. Settle down.
-Marvelous news.
This year. for the first time.
we are not doing a little recital
here in the studio.
Instead. we are taking part
in A Festival of Movement.
A Dance Delirium in 26 Acts.
Which is why I have chosen something
très unique for this performance.
Something with magic and suspense.
For this is a story
of two magical creatures who fall in love.
A mermaid…
-Zuzu.
-Yes!
-And a seahorse. Eric.
It is called Wedding Beneath the Sea.
-Eric?
-There's not any kissy stuff. is there?
No. No. no. no. no.
Well. oui. oui.
Your… Your… Your emotions are expressed
through the artistry of dance.
-Say it with me. When I dance…
-My body and soul soars?
My body and soul soars. Yes. Zuzu. Merci.
Emma. you are a tropical fish
who marries them.
-Oh. yes.
-Oh my!
The rest of you are wedding guests.
You bring presents.
You dance.
-You tra-la-la.
Monsieur Joie?
What do Bean and I do?
Yes. you two.
You'll be delighted to know I have
taken on the choreographic challenge.
I have taken your erratic…
What would you even call… Movements.
And transmuted them into art.
-You will be friendly squid.
Standing guard
at the very. very. very. very. very. very.
very. very. very. very edge of the stage.
Like so. your tentacles waving
on the passing tide.
ensuring the success of the wedding.
-Friendly squid?
-They're just happy to be there.
The invitation
strictly said no babies and no squid.
Oh! Best of all.
this year's performance takes place at…
-The Burroughs Theater.
Which seats 300 people.
It's not that I want
to be like everyone else.
It's just… Earrings are fun. Mom.
-They feel like me.
I said the same thing
to your grandma when I was your age.
I wanted to dye my hair green.
Green?
Yeah.
Did she let you?
No.
No. she did not.
-Ivy? Bean?
What's the matter?
Nothing.
Oh. honey. You sure?
You look like you actually hurt
your knee bone this time.
-Bonjour. Madame.
-Can we just go. please?
Nancy.
Hi. Harold.
It's "Monsieur Joie."
-Monsieur Joie.
-Ah.
-How are these two doing?
-We… Oh. yes… They're…. They're. um…
I've never had budding little dancers
who are… who are quite so…
Uh. um…
You know. I don't think
that there's a word for it in French.
-And they forgot their announcements.
-The big recital.
-Au revoir!
Bye. Harold.
A recital will be great.
I bet you have fun parts.
Yeah. Fun parts
as the stars of the show. right?
That's right. Nancy.
-We're in every scene.
-Really?
You got
some new dancers this year.
You're the two friendly squid?
That is so embarrassing.
Nancy. could you be nice
to your sister. just once?
I am nice.
I cannot wait to see Bean
as the friendly squid.
No one's gonna laugh. Bean.
Everybody is going to be very proud.
-Buckle up.
Eric. honey. you were supposed
to paint the fish. not yourself.
Sorry.
Okay. Ten more minutes. class.
then we'll hang
your fish prints on the wall.
Please get these permission slips signed
by your parents as soon as possible.
otherwise you won't be able to go
on the field trip.
-What's so funny?
Nothing. just your fish printing.
Zuzu said you guys are gonna be
like this fish at your recital.
A flop.
Why do you care? You're not even coming.
I'm coming with my sister.
We both love ballet.
Who else is going to the dance festival?
I am. Paisley.
Dance festival?
I didn't know you can dance. Ivy.
No way.
Don't worry.
They're coming to watch dancing.
Not wiggling.
And definitely not wiggling.
friendly squid.
I might be there
for the wiggling. friendly squid.
What exactly is a squid?
It has ink. right?
-And weird tentacle arms.
Leo.
Okay. class. who wants the horseshoe crab?
-I do! I do!
It's an arthropod. a living fossil.
-Yeah?
-Thanks. Ms. Aruba-Tate.
And then there's this little invertebrate.
A squid!
All yours. Dusit.
I'm doing ballet. I'm so silly.
I'm Ivy and Bean.
That was just the beginning. Bean.
The whole school will be laughing at us.
Nancy. too. She'll see
we're not the stars of the show.
and she'll get $20.
I'll have to do chores forever
to pay that.
There has to be some way out of this.
Nothing's impossible.
Being good at ballet is impossible.
Yeah.
But it wouldn't be impossible
to break our legs.
Huh?
Ivy. we shouldn't do this.
Mm-mm.
You know. when Eric broke his arm.
the first time.
you could almost see
his bone sticking out.
-Maybe breaking is a very bad idea.
-Mmm-hmm.
How about
spraining?
Au revoir. recital!
Toodle-oo tentacles!
-Whoa!
This is a bad idea!
Probably just a bruise would work.
Mmm-hmm.
-Huh?
-We look like idiots.
Squidiots.
-Oh.
-There's not enough tentacles.
There's supposed to be ten.
-Are you sure it's not eight?
-Ten.
They're ten-tacles.
Oh. No complaining.
Because you girls…
look great.
-Right. but did you…
-Huh?
Huh?
It's. um…
-What do you think?
-Very squid-like.
-Mmm-hmm.
-Right?
-Uh-huh.
-So cute.
Don't lie. Mom. You're laughing.
-No.
-I choked on a cracker.
-Mmm-hmm.
You know what would make this?
If we did something around
the neck with like a scarf?
-Or. um. what about a bow tie?
-Bow tie. yes.
-Oh!
The problem is
there's not enough tentacles.
-And more tentacles. definitely.
-Mmm-hmm.
-And some suction cups.
-Yes.
You can't be serious.
There's not enough tentacles.
The number of tentacles
is definitely the problem.
Nancy.
I can't wait to see this.
Stars of the show.
She's just jealous.
-You girls are gonna be great.
-Hmm.
There's got to be some way not to do this
besides breaking bones.
Are you sure you haven't figured out
that invisibility spell?
I don't think any spell can help us now.
Maybe we can just hide ourselves
up in the tree house
with ten years of supplies?
They'd probably just cut it down
and make us go.
Mmm. maybe we should just run away?
I love running away. Where should we go?
What about the park?
-There's a policeman with a dog.
-He smells you.
-Bye. Katrine.
-Thanks for the costumes.
-You're welcome.
-See you tomorrow.
-Dinner in a half-hour. Ivy.
I signed your permission slip
for the aquarium.
Don't forget to put it in your bag.
I can't believe we didn't see this.
Read!
"Permission to go to the aquarium."
It's the same day as the recital.
We can run away and hide at the aquarium.
By the time they find us.
the dance festival will be over.
Yes!
Come on. Ivy!
Watch for cars.
Be careful. Cross the street. Come on.
I'm gonna catch you. Leo!
Whoa.
Our new home.
The minute no one's watching.
we'll find a place to hide.
Ivy. Bean. come on. keep up.
Coming!
I don't want to lose you.
Welcome to the aquarium.
Today. the Marine Mammal Rescue Team
will be feeding the dolphins at 2 p.m…
What's in your backpacks?
None of your beeswax.
I brought fish chum for the sharks.
I wanna see a feeding frenzy.
-It's gonna be carnage.
Could I throw some?
-I'd love to see a feeding frenzy.
-Ugh!
-And I love sharks.
-How about down there?
Okay. listen up everyone.
Come here. please. Come on.
-Come here.
-Whoa! This place is great.
Ivy. Bean.
come up with the rest of us. please.
We're gonna stay
on the first floor today. all right?
Find your field trip buddy.
Eric. Paisley couldn't make it.
So. you and Vanessa should buddy up today.
-Yes. miss.
-Let's go!
Yes. Ms. Aruba-Tate!
Wow!
Whoa!
Are there any sharks here?
Even just one great white?
Or any other color will do.
Dusit. we're gonna hand this over
to our expert guide.
-And we'll get questions after. okay?
-Whoa!
The sea lions. who call this tank home.
are faster than any other type of seal.
-Wow. look at that!
-Whoa!
They can move at 25 miles per hour.
which helps them feed on sardines.
-Oh. they're beautiful!
-But they also love to play not with….
sharks so much.
but they are very good surfers.
Whoa.
Eric. don't touch the glass. please.
-We don't want any accidents.
-Bean. We gotta go.
-Dusit…
-Whoa!
Dusit.
put away the fish chum. please.
Whoa. That could be where we hide out.
Whoa!
This is perfect.
It's so private. I call this one!
This one's mine.
What just happened?
I don't know.
Try and find a light.
Okay. There's gotta be one somewhere.
Hmm. Nothing.
I found something!
Whoa. Nelly!
The ocean is full of many mysteries…
-Whoa.
-…but none quite as mysterious
as the creatures of the deep.
Ivy?
I get it.
This shows what life is like
at the bottom of the sea.
Oh. look.
Prepare to be amazed.
What the heck is that?
The extraordinary
anglerfish has a luminous spine
that lures victims into its sharp teeth.
I think I'd rather do the recital.
-Me too!
In these black waters
lurks the dragon of the deep.
the giant squid.
It watches and waits…
ready to strike.
Are you brave enough
to face its tentacles?
There they are. Thank you.
Ivy. Bean. where were you?
I was so worried.
-We got scared.
-We got really scared.
Oh. no. Because you were lost?
Ye-yes. Lo-lost.
You poor things. I'm so sorry.
-It's okay. You're safe now.
-Hmm.
I told you they weren't dead.
I didn't say dead.
I said. "Probably eaten by a sea lion."
It's okay.
You're here and safe.
-Thanks. Ms. Aruba-Tate.
We got to see the eels. and you didn't.
They're freaky scary.
Not as intimidating as a giant squid.
It had this freaky big eye
that hypnotized us.
Bean. a squid can't hypnotize people.
There is not a giant squid in here.
Nobody has a giant squid.
Giant squid?
How did you guys get
to the Creatures of the Deep room?
That's on a totally different floor.
-Ivy?
-Uh…
Did you get lost on purpose?
Um… Well… So. I thought--
It was kind of my fault. Ms. Aruba-Tate.
Don't blame Ivy.
We started off a little lost.
and then I said. "Let's go this way."
But it was the wrong way.
So. I said. "Here are some stairs
that we can go down together."
Thank you again for everything.
You're welcome. Bye.
We're gonna be leaving
in a minute.
Yes!
Ivy. Bean.
if I can't trust you two
to behave safely and responsibly.
you realize I won't be able
to take you on any future field trips.
I'm sorry. Ms. Aruba-Tate.
I am too. Really sorry. Really.
I know you can help each other do better
when it comes to things like this.
I also know
you can help each other do great things.
Eric told me that you're all performing
in a dance recital tonight.
I'm really looking forward to it.
All right. kids.
Please take your seats.
Welcome. one and all.
to tonight's Dance Delirium.
-A Festival of Movement in 26 Acts.
-You will be delighted. amazed. and…
-Twenty-six acts?
I hate how they design these recitals
to go on forever.
Oh. I… I mean. not yours. honey.
You were great.
No. no. it's fine. This is gonna be great.
Great for me.
Twenty dollars is mine.
There's no way these squidiots
are gonna be stars of the show.
Oh.
Huh?
Please take your seats.
Act 14 will start in one minute.
Five.
Ten.
Fifteen.
Twenty.
Securing rope. Almost ready.
Standing by.
Standing by. Raise.
Put some muscle into it. Maman.
We don't have all day.
Whale ascending! Whale ascending.
You guys like my fins?
Like a real fish.
Put your back into it. Maman.
-Oh! Maman!
You guys do look.
uh. friendly.
which is good because in the program
it does say that you are friendly squids.
I don't think Monsieur Joie
has seen a real squid.
A real giant squid is not friendly at all.
Who has the glitter?
The glitter is très important!
Mm-mm.
Where are my stars?
Where are you?
-Je suis ici. monsieur.
-Oh!
-Then. now I can focus.
-Oh. no.
You really can't dance
with those tentacles.
Which. when you think about it
is. well. probably a good thing.
-You are the fish.
-Hmm.
Feel the water. See the coral.
Oh. Mademoiselles Bean and Ivy.
Well. you certainly are.
um… well-tentacled.
Uh. just please don't knock down the set.
Mon Dieu!
Places! Places! 14th act! That's us!
-Tout de suite! That means get on stage!
-Go. go.
Get on stage!
Please take your seats.
Act 14 is about to commence.
Amanda. look!
So talented.
Wow!
-Oh.
Uh… uh…
-Is that really Bean and Ivy?
-So goofy.
What do I do?
Put your arms up.
-Look. Ivy. over here! Quickly!
-Ah!
Spin. spin. spin!
-Watch out. Bean.
-Sorry. Ivy.
Twenty dollars.
Whoa. whoa.
-Wait. Are we supposed to be in the back?
-Oh.
You're right. Ivy.
A real squid is the opposite of friendly.
A real squid would never
just stand around wiggling.
A real squid just lurks in the shadows
until it's time to attack.
like the Wilis in Giselle.
A real squid doesn't care
about a stupid bet
with a stupid big sister.
A real squid doesn't care
if people laugh at them.
A real squid doesn't care about anything.
It rules the seas.
-We're standing by with the glitter.
-Mmm-hmm.
-And go.
Go. Go. go. go. Faster. Come on. faster.
-Zuzu!
-Huh?
Come on. friendly squid. Help a whale out!
No. no. no. no. no.
-Squids coming through.
Oh. oh!
Ah!
Whoa!
-Oh!
When I dance.
my body and soul soars!
Good job!
The show must go on.
We're out! We're done!
And we never have to go back on stage!
Or stand around in first position.
We can do what squid do.
Giant squid versus whale!
Squid! Squid! Squid!
-Huh?
-Squid! Squid!
Squid! Squid!
Do they mean us?
Squid! Squid! Squid! Squid!
-Squid! Squid! Squid!
-Go. Squid!
Squid! Squid!
Squid! Squid! Squid!
Squid! Squid! Squid! Squid!
Squid! Squid!
Squid! Squid! Squid!
Squid! Squid! Squid! Squid!
-Squid! Squid! Squid!
-Squid forever!
-Brava!
-Yes!
Encore! Encore!
You were right not to let them quit.
Yes. but let's agree
that they're quitting after this.
Oh. thank God.
-Yeah.
-Three hundred people cheering for us?
I still can't believe it.
We were the stars. Ivy.
Bean.
all I can say to you two is…
You earned this.
And you earned this.
-Mom. I can get my ears pierced?
-Mmm-hmm.
Why'd you change your mind?
You convinced me a while ago. honey.
I was just waiting for the perfect moment.
Twenty dollars. Ivy. Twenty! We're rich!
It's your money. Bean.
It's our money.
You heard my sister. we earned it.
So. what should we spend it on?
There's so many things we can do together.
I've got some pretty good ideas.
Don't you?
Mmm-hmm.
Ivy. Bean. come.
-You saved the day. Come on!
-Squid versus squid!
-Go squid!
Squids are the best!
What are you doing. Bean?
I'm making the Pit of Doom.
Wanna help? It'll be fun.
The only thing
that's gonna fall in this pit is you.
-Why don't you ask the new girl?
-Ivy? All she does is read.
-She reads at recess.
-What's wrong with Bean?
She just runs around and makes noise.
Just wanna wash your uniform
for you!
Oh.
You know the rules.
Three strikes. you're out.
I'm running away.
Psst. Follow me.
I just learned the spell
that makes you dance forever.
Mom wants you home now!
Let's sneak through the backyards
to creep up on Nancy and do the spell.
I hope you're ready to dance forever!
-Hmm?
No!
Large squid.
Maman.
Au revoir!
Battement! Battement! Marching.
-Cut!